The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah. Right.
Well, you shot cancer, saw stem cells into your Dick.
So men's health magazine just had me write this article called new year new deck
where they helped me get them. It's got a, is,
is the issue with Marky mark Wahlberg on, on, on the cover? How appropriate?
Yeah, like how to make a small Dick bigger. Right. And I put Marky mark on the,
on the cover and now he can, he can beat me with his,
with his four foot tall fisticuffs. Uh, anyways though.
So they had me go around doing everything that I could do to enhance sexual
performance or increase the size of your deck or increase blood flow or increase
orgasm quality, or, you know,
they just want to find out what everything from like fricking gas station,
Dick pills, to which, by the way, those things do not have in them,
what they say they have in them. What do you think? So they S you know,
they say like Epimedium and Euro coma, long Jack and.
[Inaudible].
Yeah. It's basically for concealed Benefil right. The actual ingredients,
Cialis or Viagra, and then, uh, uh, Phaedra and copious amounts of caffeine.
So I would take these things and just literally feel like my head was gonna
explode. I mean, it's, it's like drinking 10 cups of coffee.
Yeah.
We have a friend of ours who predicted accurately that Jon Jones was taking
those things when he hot. Cause he was like,
those things have everything in them. And he's like, John Jones does Coke.
He goes, I guarantee you he's taking Dick pills.
To read. Like, cause it's all like the, you know, like it's like Rena Chinese,
fortune cookie, right.
It's like maximum potency Vigo Gora and everything's spelled wrong. Uh,
but the, uh, so they had me doing that.
They did analysis of the ingredients. Did you actually get it tested? No.
No. We, we went to all these labs. They wouldn't let us actually tests,
but apparently the FDA has tested them. And if you go to the fda.gov website,
they have like these, these warnings out about the actual grade.
So we took the five that they had warnings about and tested them and they,
um, yeah, you don't feel well,
you feel like your head's gonna explode your hands,
get all cold and clammy and so on and say, I don't know why,
but they say to take them in the morning. Right. Which doesn't to me make sense,
but you take them in the morning. So you just feel completely screwed up.
Like the whole morning. It's like, you're just mainlining coffee.
So they did that. They did. Um,
have you heard of this like acoustic sound wave therapy for your Dick?
I'm serious.
You're going to answer this. This is a clinic in Florida.
It's called GAINSWave and you go down, there you go down there. And uh,
and I walk in and the first thing they do is they hand me this like syringe full
of numbing cream. And I'm supposed to just like put it everywhere. And so I,
I smeared it, you know, my balls, my, like I just went everywhere.
Cause I didn't really know what they were, what they were going to do.
And I wanted, I wanted all, all shields activated to go into this thing.
So I walked into the room and, and my all numb.
They had me lay down and so my legs are splayed. I'm on this exam room table.
And this gal comes in and she's got like this giant wan attached to a machine
and they do this for women too, by the way,
they put like a condom on the end of it. And,
and she just basically goes to town for like 20 minutes, like a jackhammer.
I was like, like everywhere.
20 Minutes, supposedly. Yeah.
It's supposedly it breaks open old blood vessels and builds new blood vessels.
And once the numbing cream wears off, you're supposed to,
to perform a lot better. And then they combine this,
you know how we were talking about like with your shoulder, if you inject it,
you should do like electro STAM or vibration or something to,
to get the injection deeper into the tissue. Same thing, same thing with this,
they do the PRP.
So they do PRP into your deck and then they follow it up and you get,
you get a nerve block.
First I act, I thought.
I don't know why I thought they put the needle just like right in the pee hole,
which to me made sense. But it doesn't really, I mean,
you want it in the actual tip.
So they actually go like up where the Dick attaches, like the tissue at the top,
they do two nerve blocks on either side. And then the PRP.
And later on like a couple months later, they had me do stem cells.
I actually extracted like four months later from my back.
And we did a stem cell injection, but this acoustic sound wave therapy, uh,
with the PRP, like it wears off. And you literally just like get all the time,
like, like all night long.
So the acoustic sound therapy supposed to be breaking up blood.
Vessel breaks, open old dark.
Vessels.
Jamie founded gains wave procedure breaks up plaque formation in blood vessels
and stimulates the growth of new blood vessels in the penis.
Intensity, extra corporeal shockwave therapy. That's going to sell a lot of,
uh, of procedures. Okay.
The drawing and the after, before your veins are up.
Yeah. Before it looks like a, like an old hunched over man,
then all of a sudden.
Vigor, it looks like a bodybuilding scene.
Yeah. I used to do bodybuilding.
So is that horrible sport, do you think it's real?
Do you think that's really doing something?
It worked for me. It worked for me in the, um, so yeah, the,
the gas station, Dick pills to do the acoustic sound wave therapy, but.
The therapy injections.
They had me do. Like the, uh, no stem cells were the best stem cells,
stem cells. But that mean that not everybody's going to be able to do that,
but that was the best bar. None like they,
so I went down to Florida and again, Florida,
I don't know what I think is because all the old people live in Philly.
Florida, just crazy Dell, all the people.
Like hunched over the steering most are, but all the guys have great.
They can't drive.
They have their blinker on for like two miles before they turn them,
but their are, are primed. So the, um,
the stem cell thing was that the U S stem cell clinic in Florida.
And I went in there and they extract all the fat for me.
They took the fat out of my back. And what they do is they, they have,
um, it's called an enzymatic process where they use something that
breaks down the collagen in the fat.
And then they have the stem cells that get separated from the fat.
And apparently it's very, very high in these angiogenic, like,
like vascular vessel building, uh, compounds.
And so then you get that, re-inject it it's high in the, um, mesenchymal, the,
the MSC, the MSC cells, which,
which are supposedly the very good ones to inject in.
So I injected those, um, or I had a, a doctorate Spokane.
So they shipped him to Spokane on ice and they show up at my house at like 7:00
AM. Right. Cause you gotta get them delivered same day.
And then I had my appointment at the doctor at 9:00 AM and I went to the doctor
and you know, very, it was like de Javu from Florida where like,
I go and do the, do the numbing. No, no, no. You're going to do this.
Oh yeah. It was kind of friends with the doctor. Yeah. Yeah. There's a picture.
I think there's a picture of him in the Meg.
Cause they put all sorts of crazy pictures in the magazine because they had me
doing like infrared Latin, my balls.
And I have like this big thing called the juve light that they had me standing
in front of every day. Like Jack, my light I'll tell you about the stem cells.
This is crazy. Um, so the, uh, the stem cells,
I went to this doctor in Spokane and he injected these,
these stem cells from my fat after they'd grown for like several in this
case, I think they were down there for like eight weeks. But I mean, they,
they can do same day injections, but for me,
I didn't have enough fat cause for me it was right in the middle of,
I raced professionally in obstacle course racing.
So I'm just like lean as hell as I go in there. So they could,
they could barely get enough fat.
So they had to grow them for a longer period of time.
A lot of times they can inject same day. So I went into Spokane, uh,
at this clinic and Spokane, Lynn, new integrative clinic.
It's like this osteopathic medical clinic with all these, you know,
nice receptionist when you walk in the door and this, this, this doctor who, uh,
he's done stem cell injections before,
but he never actually injected them into someone's Dick.
So I was kind of like the Guinea pig. So.
Do you have to explain to him what areas you're supposed to? He.
Researched it.
And I think he actually talked to the folks at the stem cell clinic beforehand
to make sure that they were on that, on the same page. Okay.
I'm gonna fly all the way back down to Florida.
That's super inconvenient and it's just a deck. Right.
Don't make more someday. They're growing kidneys. You're essential.
Though. They'll grow someday. So, um,
so I got injected and that was um, uh,
first of all,
it looked like it got run over by a semi-truck for like two days it was like all
black and blue or the injection service was yeah, yeah.
Yeah. I'd be super nervous. Like what did we got infected?
It could have gotten infected. Oh, what'd you got mercy.
The cancer I've had Marsa and I would not wish Murcia on your Dick,
on anyone mercy, a triathlon. I got it.
This was at the, at the wildflower triathlon, like coming back,
my flight got delayed and I was covered all these cars,
like an off-road triathlon. And I had all these scrapes and wounds. And I think,
I think my layover was in Vegas. I don't remember where,
but I had to check into a hotel flight,
got delayed and I slept in this hotel room that I swear,
like there must've been something on the bed. Cause within a few days,
like it was all, you know,
it gets all nasty and caky and then it was eating a whole,
I wrote a whole blog post about this on my website. And you can see,
I need to see this pull up the hole in the back of my leg. It's nasty.
Marcy scares the out of him. Just,
just search for like Ben Greenfield staff and, and you'll see the pictures,
but it was eating a hole in the back of my leg and my,
my kids roll now once a week. And I buy on, I get the defense soap from on it.
And as soon as they come, as soon as they come back in the door, I,
I have them go into the shower.
Upstairs and it's done. Yeah.
They had a bunch of different wipes and stuff for people that train in a place
that doesn't have a shower. Yeah. You gotta be careful that a.
Theme use essential oil.
Like it's like going to like a whole bunch of companies make this version of
essential oil thieves.
It's like clove and roads named after these thieves who apparently never yet
clove cinnamon eucalyptus, which is really good for staff and Roseman.
It's actually named it.
There's like this story of like these four thieves that apparently traveled
around the world and they would Rob Holmes and, and,
and they never got sick.
Like that's basically the story. I'm sure.
This was, this was some board table at a,
at a multi-level marketing essential oils company.
Somebody came up with this story or it could be true. I don't know. But the, um,
yeah, the, the stem cells into the Dick. That, that was an interesting one,
but it did. Um, I think from what I can tell,
looking in the mirror, it got bigger. I'm pretty sure how much, so half inch,
oh, like maybe that much lighter, like enough to tell.
And my erections got bigger and my orgasms got a lot better for how long they
they're still like that.
Still. Yeah. So I think the stem cells.
Kind of like stick with you. Um, well, last week I got them.
I told you I'm training for the RKC kettlebell cert. And I was doing the,
the a hundred reps in five minutes, snatch test with a,
with a one and a half food. And I felt something just go.
I was at 84 reps and I felt something go in my back and I got stem cells
injected all up and down my QL, my multifidus, my rector spinae into my solo.
But then they also sent them to my, to my house.
And I did that same fat cell,
the stuff that's rich in the mesenchymal stem cells into the bloodstream.
So I did a push Ivy into the bloodstream.
That's the one that you would have to go out of the country to do.
Normally you're not supposed to do that. Like that's tech,
it's technically not legal for someone to inject you with your own stem cells
into your bloodstream.
But if you get your stem cells extracted and they're stored and they send them
to you, you can technically inject them. If you do it yourself, or you're like,
have a friend who's a nurse or whatever.
And you it's literally just like a push Ivy is like 30 seconds. We,
we caught it on video for a men's health films.
So they'll publish a video at some point,
but I was super nervous cause it's like a few thousand dollars worth of stem
cells that, you know, I'm,
I'm trying to hit the vein and make sure that they go in the right way and
inject. It's a very, very small amount. Well.
You had to be the most nervous getting them shot into your Dick though. No.
I was kind of nervous. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Oh me like super experimental it.
I do a lot of that kind.
Of my shtick. Right? Like I do a lot of immersive journalism,
a lot of self experimentation, a lot of, a lot of Guinea pig type stuff. Uh,
and I'm, I'm not dead yet. And I have my deck, so oh, you look.
Great. I'm happy. Yeah. Thank you. Look very healthy. I'm 22.
Um, actually, oh yeah. That's is that yeah. Is that that's.
One of them. That is, yeah. That's an image for my website.
That's not as deep as it got. I don't think that's the worst photo.
The worst one I've ever seen Kevin ramble to stuff it with iodine.
Like they have you.
Had them before? No,
they have like these long iodine strips when you get the Murcia and it's like,
it's, flesh-eating bacteria. That's me too.
And they stuffed see that hole in the middle. They stuff like an iodine.
It's like a stick in there, like a strip that has,
but they literally stuff it in there and you can feel it. You got,
you were telling me you got dry needling done. And you know,
like that weird pressure. It's not like pain,
but it's like a weird pressure from dry needling. This is like that except pain,
right? Like it's both the pain and the PR it was horrible. Horrible. Like.
Yeah. I've had some falls back, doc,
my staff in their leg where they have like a,
a small golf ball sized hole in their leg.
And they literally had a packet full of that kind of gauze.
I don't like how you say it. A small golf, golf balls, a big hole.
For the back of the leg.
It's like smaller than a golf ball to go large marble any hole in.
The back of the leg, in my opinion is too big.
Kevin Randleman. See if he could find Kevin random and staff, he had open holes.
We could see his muscle structure under his armpit. It was horrific. Gosh,
he never really recovered. He was dying. He died.
He died young from that. Who knows what he died from, but look at the whole,
I think I still have it. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
That's his muscle tissue that's carrying around the body part is that's his
underarm. Yeah. Look at that. Oh my goodness. Yeah. That's how bad it was.
That looks like he got shot. Does. Yeah, he was rotting away.
And I don't know if he didn't treat it quickly enough or I don't know if it was
just really aggressive, but it's a real common thing in gyms.
And then once you get it, it stays with you.
Like it stays in your bloodstream. Like I still.
Like,
I have an essential oil diffuser on my desk and I put thieves in every day and I
just diffuse essential oils while I'm working into the air. Yeah.
It's like a nebulizing essential oil diffuser. And I didn't just,
just to play it safe. Right. I just want to be breathing that in during the day,
just in case. that's. Um,
and that's the other thing is I stand in front of this light,
this infrared light, and this is that it's a decline.
It's called a juve. And um, so it they've,
they've done these studies on testicular and sperm production and they found
that there's a wavelength,
that's like 600 to 800 nanometers wavelength of light.
That if you expose the testicles to that for five to 20 minutes a day,
it's based on this concept of photo biomodulation.
So I originally got into this whole photo biomodulation thing when this company,
cause I,
cause I blog and people just send me these weird things to my doorstep to try.
And they sent me this like nasal probe that you put up your nose and it's got
like a helmet on it. You could, you could look it up. Jamie, if you want,
it's called a violet.
And it produces this light that supposedly activates a part,
your motto. So you have like your electron transport chain in your mitochondria.
And there's a part of that called the cytochrome C oxidase.
And it apparently activates more activity in the cytochrome C oxidase.
You produce more ATP in this case, in neural tissue.
Cause you have it on your head and they were using this in dementia and in
Alzheimer's patients. But it turns out it's almost like a,
like a neutral pick for you, right? Yes. That's me at my desk. Whoa.
Back when I was back when I was a young Chinese woman or to my desk.
Um, up your nose on your head.
I like how that guy is just like looking pensively off.
His cross, read a book and she's reading a book. She likes reading Twilight.
So that's what I originally.
Did.
They sent me just the nose one and I felt shorted because they had like the full
head.
So ask them for the full head one and weird and you can feel it like Holton
and uh, and, uh, what's the, um, it was, I think it was MPR.
It was either radio lab or um, it's the other science one.
I think it might be Radiolab. They did a study on that or a,
or a story on like this 10 to 40 Hertz frequency.
That's tDCS. Oh nine volts. Transdermal stimulation are those two,
the trans direct cranial stimulation that halo device that you wear before
workout.
No, yeah. One at a time, one at a time.
So this photo biomodulation, I'm putting this thing, you know,
the probe in my ear and you're not even supposed to use it too much because it
produces so much ATP that if you amp up cellular activity in neural tissue too
much, you produce too many reactive oxygen species.
Like that's a by-product of cellular metabolism. It's just like,
if you eat too much, you produce a lot of by-product of making energy.
And that's why it's one of the reasons why fasting is good for you.
Like it cleans up the system and you don't make as many free radicals.
The same reason, like ketosis is good for you, right?
You're not burning as much glucose. You don't produce as many free radicals,
same concept with this.
You don't want to use it all the time because you get too much activity.
You produce too many free radicals or too many reactive oxygen species,
but every other day use it.
New year, new year, new Dick. How often did you use it?
Well, this is from my head and this was like a couple of years.
This was a couple of years and it was like a cup of coffee for my brain.
Like every time I'd wake up,
I'd put this thing out while I'm working at my desk. So then, um,
this company that makes these lights that are very similar,
activate cytochrome C oxidase activates a release of nitric
oxide. But if you do it on your testicles specifically,
the cell that it works on is the late excels and the testes,
which are responsible for producing testosterone.
So you're basically stimulating the Leydig cells in the testes,
the same way that you'd stimulate,
like neural tissue using this one for your head.
So I'd had success with the thing for my head.
So I tried this one for the balls and the Dick.
And what I did was I would just Jack my pants down for five to 20 minutes a day.
Yeah. I'm diffusing my essential oils that I got a thing on my head. And, um,
and it works like you actually get more blood flow. I mean, I,
I didn't do a control study just pulling my pants down and standing there for 20
minutes without the light on. I should,
I should do that at some point because maybe it's just like the whole, you know,
it's like,
supposedly go in combat style is supposed to be good for your deck to combat.
So there's you that's me balls out.
I'm standing on the stand on my wobble board. I got my ball light and um,
that's actually not my office.
I was at one of my friend's houses cause he had one and uh, anyways, uh,
and I'm obviously I'm not naked, but normally I would, I would,
I would be nude and uh, yeah,
you just shine malls and you just basically nuke your balls. Yeah.
And it's like a, it's like a warm Teddy bear, increased vascularity,
better size, better orgasms. I mean like, like all this stuff seemed to have.
Uh.
So all this stuff seems to make your day had some kind of had some kind of an
effect.
Yeah. So, um, the PRP injections, acoustic sound wave therapy, stem cells,
the infrared light, a gas station, Dick pills.
And that's the one I would not repeat.
[Inaudible].